this lecture is a summary of this course
this map shows the major topics we have
covered in this course and here are some
key high-level takeaway messages first
we talked about the natural language of
content analysis here the main takeaway
message is natural and processing the
foundation for texture retrieval but
currently NLP is in the robustly enough
so the back of words
recognition is generally the main method
used in modern search engines and it's
often sufficient for most of the search
tasks but obviously for more complex
such tasks then we need a deeper natural
language processing techniques and we
then talked about the high level
strategies for text to access and we
talked about the pushes for in pour we
talked about the query versus browsing
now in general in future search engines
we should integrate all these techniques
to provide multi mode information access
and then we talked about a number of
issues related to search engines we
talked about the search problem and we
framed that as a ranking problem and we
talked about a number of retrieval
methods we started with the overview of
vector space model and the probabilistic
model and then we talked about the
vector space model in fact we also later
talked about language modeling
approaches and that's probabilistic
model and here the main takeaway message
is that modern retrieval functions tend
to look similar and they generally use
various heuristics the most important
ones are tf-idf weighting talking in the
lens memorization and the TF is often
transformed through a
Selenia
transformation function and then we
talked about how to implement a
retrieval system and here the main
techniques that we talked about how to
construct the inverted index so that we
can prepare the system to answer a query
quickly and we talked about how to do
faster search by using the inverted
index and we then talked about how to
evaluate the tax retrieval system mainly
introduced to the Cranfield evaluation
methodology this was a very important
American methodology that can be applied
to many tasks we talked about the major
embarrassment ashes so the most
important measures for search any our
map meaning average precision and NDC G
normalized the discounted accumulative
game and also precision and recall two
basic measures and we then talked about
the feedback techniques and we talked
about rokkyo in the vector space model
and the mixture model in the language
modeling approach feedback is very
important to technique especially
considering the opportunity of learning
from a lot of crystals on the web we
then talked about the web search and
here we talked about how to use parallel
indexing to solve the scalability issue
in indexing we introduced MapReduce and
then we talked about how to use link
information web to improve search we
talked about PageRank and hits as the
major algorithms to analyze links on the
web we then talked about learning to
rank this is use of machine learning to
combine multiple features for improving
scoring not only the effectiveness can
be improved using this approach but we
can also improve the robustness of the
ranking function so that it's not easy
to spam also changing with just
some teachers to promote a page and
finally we talked about the future of
web search we talked about some major
directions that we might see in the
future in improving the current
generation of search engines and then
finally we talked about the recommender
systems and these are systems to
implement the push mold and we talked
about the two approaches one is
content-based one is clarity or
filtering and they can be combined
together now an obvious missing piece in
this picture is the user and seaso user
interface is also an important component
in any search engine even though the
current of searching faces is relatively
simple they are actually having a lot of
studies of user interfaces ready to
visualization for example and this is a
topic that you can learn more by reading
this book so excellent book about all
kind of studies of search using the face
if you want to know more about the
topics that we talked about you can also
read some additional readings that are
listed here in this short course we only
managed you to cover some basic topics
in text weeks ago and search engines and
these resources provide additional
information about more advanced topics
and they give a more thorough treatment
of some of the topics that we talked
about and a main source is synthesis
digital library where you can see a lot
of short textbook textbooks or non
tutorials they tend to provide a lot of
information to explain a topic and there
are multiple series that are related to
this course one information concepts
retrieval and services
nowadays human language technology and
yet another is artists intelligence and
machine learning
there are also some major journals and
conferences listed here that tend to
have a lot of research papers related to
the topic of this course and finally for
more information about resources
including readings and toolkits
etc you can check out this URL so if you
have not taken the text mining cause in
this data mining specialization series
then naturally the next step is to take
that course as this picture shows to
mind big text data we generally need two
kinds of techniques one is text
retrieval which is covered in this
course and these techniques will help us
convert raw big texts that are into
small random in the text data which you
are actually needed in the specific
application human plays an important
role in mining any text data because
text data is written for humans to
consume so involving humans in the
process of data mining is very important
and in this course we have covered
various strategies to help users get
access to the most relevant data these
techniques are also essential in any
text mining system to help provide
provenance and to help users interpret
the independence that the user were to
find through text data mining so in
general the user would have to go back
to the original data to better
understand the patterns so the text
mining costs or rather text mining and
analytics course would be tiered
dealing with what to do once the user
has found the information so this is a
second step in this picture where we
would convert the text data into
actionable knowledge and this has to do
with helping users to further digest the
found information or to find the
and to reveal knowledge buried in text
and such knowledge can then be used in
application system to help
decision-making or to help user finish a
task so if you have not taken that
course the natural step and the natural
makes the step would be to take that
course thank you for taking this course
I hope you have found this course be
useful to you and I look forward to
interacting with you at a future
opportunity